Hi everybody. I'm Jimmy, and this is bright insight today.
We're gonna do part two of debunking the textbooks in regards to the pyramids of
Egypt.
Does anyone else find it really odd that the textbooks never ever mentioned that
the pyramids of Giza in Egypt just happened to be located at the
geographical center of all land mass of planet earth? That's right.
The EastWest parallel crosses the most land and the north south Meridian that
crosses the most land intersect in two places on planet earth.
One is in the ocean.
The other just happens to be at the location of the great pyramid of Giza.
Uh, so I really doubt that that's a coincidence. Am I the only one,
one that thinks that, I mean, come on.
It just so happens that one of the last surviving ancient wonders of the world,
one of the largest and most mysterious structures ever built just happens to be
located on the one exact spot on planet earth that is completely unique and of
itself.
And it makes you wonder with all the different theories about what the pyramids
were actually used for,
because they weren't tomb anyone with analytical mindset clearly see that they
were not tombs.
Now I'm not saying that the dynastic Egyptians didn't utilize 'em as tombs.
What I am saying is that whatever advanced civilization ruled this earth prior
to the global cataly that happened 12,980 years ago,
give or take five years as verified through core eye samples from Antarctica,
as well as green end. And the second cataly that happened 1400 years later,
approximately 11,600 years ago were total reset bonds on humanity.
I'm going to make a video on the global cataly and all the supporting evidence
of it because it's genuinely conclusive.
And I highly recommend that you look into the works of Graham Hancock,
Randall Carlson, John Anthony, west, Robert shock, Brian Forrester,
and many others because together their works clearly show overwhelming evidence
that that actually happened.
And clearly that if mankind had advanced civilization at that time as verified
by go Beckley Tepe in Turkey,
you can clearly see that there's so much more to that history of ancient
civilization that we were ever told in school. And, you know,
I also find it really interesting that the textbooks failed to mention the
massive tunnel system located in and under the Giza plateau surrounding the
pyramids. Now, most people are familiar that yes,
there were tunnels built underneath the pyramid,
but most people aren't aware that that was dug over three stories down into
solid bedrock. Now, just to clarify, when I say solid bedrock,
it is line limestone bedrock,
which is a four outta 10 on the most scale of hardness. So yes,
that could be dug out with pickaxes, but it would be overwhelmingly difficult.
Now I'm not saying it didn't happen by people.
I'm not saying that that wasn't dug out. However,
it's particularly interesting how there's very little information out there
about the massive tunnel system or these incredibly deep shafts,
seemingly random dozens of them located throughout the Giza plateau.
And they range from anywhere from 60 to a hundred feet deep,
but their actual debts are still unknown because they're covered with thousands
of years of sand that have poured into them. I mean, look,
these were perfectly symmetrical squares ranging from 10 by 10 and in some
cases, 15 by 15, and they were cut perfectly out of solid limestone bedrock.
Now the precision of all that is very interesting,
but what's even more interesting is that these vertical shafts also connect to
horizontal shafts that run randomly throughout the Giza plateau.
Many of which are allegedly not explored and they don't know what's in 'em,
but yet closed and blocked off to the public.
As you can see from all these cages located throughout. Now,
let me mention that all of these pictures that you see on this video are from
Google images. However, most of them originate from Brian Forrester,
check him out on YouTube, check out his website, hidden anchor tours, dot com.
I can't wait to go on a tour with him one day once I have the money,
but literally these are things that you would never know if you didn't actually
see his essentially homemade videos where he takes you and walks you around the
Giza plateau,
and you see all these random shafts that just plummet straight into the earth.
Now, what were these tunnels used for? I have no idea. Maybe just,
maybe these were utilized to move water as in support of some sort of power
system. I have no idea. Maybe the pyramids were not a power system.
What I do know is that whatever their original purpose was was far more
sophisticated than just a tomb, something else.
That's very interesting that you hardly hear anything about and is certainly not
mentioned in the textbooks,
is that there was never any sot found in these pyramids. That's right now, take,
for example, the picture on the left that's of the cystine chapel,
most people are completely unaware that it took ye years of restoration in order
to remove the incredible amount of sot that accumulated from centuries of
candles and torches that were utilized to illuminate the structure.
Obviously before there was light bulbs.
Now take this picture from Egypt that seemed to show some sort of symbolism
for, I would say electricity.
Couldn't you argue that that snake is symbol of an electrical current,
but if that's not reason enough, if you don't, if you don't buy into that,
look at the Lotus flower that it's connected to and how it seems to have a cord
connected to some sort of box guys. I'm not saying that this is a light bulb.
It seems to be symbolic of something very sophisticated. That's all I'm saying.
But when you think about the implications that the pyramids of don't have any
SUT located in them, isn't that really odd? So how did they,
what did they use to illuminate? How did they see when they were building this?
If the 16 chapel that was built thousands of years after the pyramid had tons of
SU in it, why don't the Egyptian pyramids?
Now there is so much information that we don't know about the pyramids of Egypt.
For example,
are you aware that there's two rooms discovered with inside the great pyramid of
Giza as verified through the use of infrared thermography and laser scanning?
And you can see a picture of it here, guys.
There is so much that we still don't know about the pyramid mids,
and now we're finding that there's these other chambers located in that we've
never even seen before.
And does anyone else find it suspicious that the Egyptian government takes years
to make a decision on granting a permit for anyone to investigate or research
any of these areas or these hidden chambers doesn't anyone else find it
completely odd that they keep it shrouded in secrecy and forbid anyone from
looking into this stuff? Yeah,
that's an indicator that they're hiding something. That's be honest,
another little known fact that many people are becoming aware of now,
but still most people have never heard of is the fact that the pyramid,
the great pyramid of Giza has eight sides, not four.
And the reason why this was hidden and unknown for so many centuries is because
it's so subtle that it's only visible at Ducan Dawn during the spring and fall
Equinox. But as you can see in these photographs,
it is there and it's incredibly precise and it further validates the incredible
mathematical formulas and equations that were necessary in order to construct
the pyramids, to have them be completely symmetrical in the ways that they are.
Let me give you some more information that supports that perhaps whoever built
the pyramids were in advanced civilization, for example,
are you aware that approximately 30% of all native American DNA originates
from middle Eastern DNA,
this is something that's only been discovered in the last few years,
but if you don't believe me,
I'm citing national geographic and where it gets even more interesting is that
they're finding DNA in south American mummies that have Egyptian DNA,
or excuse me, a middle Eastern DNA. I can't presume that it was the Egyptians,
but it's middle Eastern DNA.
Explain that furthermore they've established that mummies found in Egypt have
contained cocaine and nicotine guys,
cocaine and nicotine originate from plants that are located nowhere near their
region of the mid east. And hence come from south America.
Could it be further evidence to suggest that there was once an advanced
civilization on earth that was able to travel between the continents? I mean,
how do you explain the incredible similarities between the inking culture in
south America, as well as the Egyptians,
whether it's the same technology of trapezoid doors or whether it's the step
pyramids or whether it's the gold plated funeral mask utilized,
uh, for their mummies.
There are so many other similarities that should be mentioned as well. Guys,
there is so much more information on this subject that needs to be shared.
So look forward to more videos to come. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. I can subscribe, help me spread the message.
Take care of everybody. Hey.